# Android_Projects
#TicTacToe-MobileProgramming Link: The main goal of this project during this cours is to develop a mobile application for Android made through Android Studio, the official Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for Android app development. This app is made for training like an homework before the exam and this let us to give us some point on the final mark. The task of this app is to let users to play to tris game. The app let us to play as multiplayer users.

#Runner2-MobileProgramming Link: The main goal of this project during this cours is to develop a mobile application for Android made through Android Studio, the official Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for Android app development. This app is made for final mark, and we should develop only one part, that related to the description of races. At the beginning we should log in in the first activity only with username and password,recognized by the app. Then acording to Rest Api like post and get we are able to take or send information with JSON object to a server(WampServer) which is able to accept request by the app,this is doing with a php file. The task is to make a booking of a runner for a race.

#CF-MobileProgramming Link: The main goal of this project during this cours is to develop a mobile application for Android made through Android Studio, the official Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for Android app development. This app is made for training like an homework before the exam and this let us to give us some point on the final mark. In this app I've developped an algorithm that let me to recognized the Code Fiscale of a person through the name, surname and the date of the birth.

#MacchinaCaffe-MobileProgramming Link:( The main goal of this project during this cours is to develop a mobile application for Android made through Android Studio, the official Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for Android app development. This app is made for training like an homework before the exam and this let us to give us some point on the final mark. In this project I should resume the process made by a machine of coffe when every option is ok then the app return the resuming of all the steps made before and invite the users to take the 'virtual' coffe.

#Note-MobileProgramming Link: The main goal of this project during this cours is to develop a mobile application for Android made through Android Studio, the official Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for Android app development. This app is made for training like an homework before the exam and this let us to give us some point on the final mark. In this project I should be able to save information into our DB.
